SpecimenIDs_AndAncillaryData.csvThis dataset includes all identification fields for all specimens used in this study, as well as the species names used in this study (after taxonomic rectification that was conducted using the Taxonomic Name Resolution Service iPlant Collaborative, Version 4.0 (Boyle et al., 2013, Accessed: 4 Apr 2017; http://tnrs.iplantcollaborative.org), the estimated date of the beginning of the frost-free period at the location and year from which each specimen was collected, and the 1901-1990 normal date of the beginning of the frost-free period (using the ClimateNA v5.51 software package, available at http://tinyurl.com/ClimateNA).        Neither the precise location (latitude and longitude) of each collection, nor the date of collection for each specimen can be shared here due to data sharing restrictions put in place by the contributing herbaria.  However, this dataset includes all information required to acquire all specimens used in this study.  Note, however, that not all specimens include data in all identification fields.  This is due to differences in digitization methods among herbaria, and between data schema used by the SEINET, CPNWH, and CCH portals.        It should be noted that the SEINET portal incorporates data from a number of associated consortia as well as its core data. As the resulting dataset is too large to download directly from a single query across all constituent consortia, the contributing consortia that were accessed through the SEINET portal are labeled separately in the ‘data portal’ field.       Data acquired through the SEINET portal (http://swbiodiversity.org/seinet/collections/index.php), as well as data acquired through the Consortium of Pacific Northwest Herbaria (http://pnwherbaria.org/data.php) should be accessed in the DarwinCore format.  After acquisition, these data should be concatenated, and the field ‘startdayofyear’ relabeled to ‘DOY’ for use in the scripts associated with this project.      Data available through the Consortium of California Herbaria, however, is structured using a different schema, and therefore requires some processing.  The attached script ‘CCH_DOY_Calculator’ should be run on downloaded CCH data in order to calculate the precise DOY of collection for each specimen from the ‘early_date’ field (note that while CCH data includes both an early_date and late_date field to accommodate cases where the precise date of collection is not known, the data used in this study have been filtered to include only those specimens for which the precise data is known, i.e. the value of the ‘early_date’ field is identical to the ‘late_date’ field.  It should also be noted that for a significant portion of the CCH data, such as that available from the Jepson herbarium, there is no web-accessible portal that serves phenological data associated with each specimen: At the time of publication, this data is available, but must be directly requested from the Jepson herbarium, and subsequently merged with the web-accessible data. After download, data from each source should be concatenated and merged with the ancillary data provided by the provided file ‘SpecimenIDs_AndAncillaryData.csv.’  The resulting file should then be labeled ‘specimenData.csv’ and placed in the same folder as the scripts ‘Frost_assessment_MovingWindow.ipynb’ and ‘FrostRisk_Pre1980_post1979.ipynb’ to allow them to function properly.After initial Processing and data assembly, the resulting concatenated data should be renamed ‘specimenData.csv’, and include the ‘Accepted_name_species’, ‘DOY’, ‘Year’, ‘bFFP_Annual’, and ‘bFFP_Normal’ fields. This newly created data file should be placed in the same folder as the associated Jupyter notebook scripts (FrostRisk_Pre1980_post1979.ipynb and Frost_assessment_MovingWindow.ipynb). 